♪ MTV ♪
[Tommy grunts]
[Tommy] They sent me to
negotiate a service please.
- We got a deal?
- We got a deal.
[sighs]
[horn honks]
[phone buzzes]
This ain't gonna be
good. Give me a second.
How bad?
[Tommy] That's a
tricky one to answer.
Is it something you
and Nate can handle?
They're gonna hit you
from three directions.
Insurance company.
victims' families and TTP.
I don't see any dead
drug dealers over here.
Fuck.
Daddy!
- [laughs] Baby.
- [laughs] Hi.
You get prettier every
day. little angel.
[Armando] You baby Norris?
Cooper.
I think baby's better.
[both laughing]
How's our baby?
It's his first day.
First days ain't easy.
Higher!
[Cooper yells]
[Cooper] Your whole
family works the patch?
[Armando] Everybody's whole
family works the patch.
It's better you work
for it real hard.
You know. that way
nobody can take it away.
Go get the 24-inch pipe wrench.
♪ Slow. mournful music ♪
♪
♪ Vocalist humming ♪
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
♪
[groans]
[grunting]
♪ gentle music ♪
♪
[male DJ] Good morning.
Midland-Odessa.
It's 7:53 a.m. on a Saturday.
That's a weekend in
the rest of the world.
but with just over 87 a barrel.
there's no more weekends
in the basin for a while.
Money. money.
money. money. money.
Looking at a high
of 94 degrees today.
[female DJ] And don't
forget. tonight at 2 a.m.
those clocks spring forward.
[male DJ] There's no such
thing as tonight at 2 a.m.
There's tomorrow at 2 a.m.
[female DJ] If you're still
awake at 2 a.m.. it's tonight.
[male DJ] That sounds
like a country song.
[female DJ] It does sound
I think it's time to
play a country song.
- What do you think?
- [male DJ] I think it is.
[female DJ] How about
a little Whiskey Myers
and what it takes to make it
through a 94-degree afternoon?
[male DJ] That'd be a
little "Bad Medicine."
♪ Well. you got
me on the ropes ♪
♪ You got me on my knees ♪
♪ I been losing ♪
♪ Hope ♪
♪ I been losing speed ♪
♪ I can feel it
again. you're bad... ♪
You got to quit eating that
shit. It's gonna kill you.
Says the two-pack-a-day smoker?
You ever been to Japan?
The whole country smokes.
Ninety-year-old men sucking
on filterless Pall Malls.
then doing an hour of
tai chi in the park.
Same thing in China.
same thing in Italy.
and they don't even exercise.
All they do is drink
wine. eat pasta and fuck.
You know what those three
countries have in common?
Lung cancer ain't even
in the top ten leading
causes of death.
So it ain't cigarettes.
It's sugar and shit like
that that kills you.
I'm telling you.
- Morning. Daddy.
- Oh. morning. baby.
- Hi.
- Mm.
Is she using Daddy
as a metaphor?
That's my daughter.
Now I know why
you smoke so much.
Yeah.
♪ Darling. your love ♪
♪ Is making me sick ♪
[sniffles]
♪ I can feel it again ♪
♪ You're bad medicine... ♪
He left.
Well. honey. you told him to.
But he's not supposed to do it.
He's supposed to
change the way he feels
and then do what I want.
What the fuck is
wrong with men?!
I know we got a rule. but. um...
I'm just. you know.
kind of working it out.
- Completely understood.
- [door closes]
- Thought your hitch was over.
- Well. someone called in
a lightning strike
on a holding tank
right as I was
fucking leaving town.
- Burned it up?
- Yeah. burned it up. [coughs]
I'll tell you one thing. if you
want to clear that mesquite out.
you just soak those
roots in frack water.
[Tommy] Hey. Dale.
you think you might want to try
having a coffee or something?
If I have another coffee.
my heart's gonna explode.
[gulps. exhales heavily]
Who we using for fill
dirt around here?
National Site or
TopSoil Sand and Gravel.
Yeah. yeah.
Hey. Dale. don't walk on the...
fucking carpet in those boots.
That sloppy son of a bitch.
Right?
♪ It's time to cut our loss ♪
♪ I'll take the withdraws ♪
♪ If you would
just set me free ♪
♪ But you locked
me up in chains ♪
♪ Locked me up in chains ♪
- ♪ Threw away the key...
- [sighing] Oh. fuck.
[shower running]
Oh. shit.
[screaming]
[groaning]
God!
The fuck is that?
[Ainsley screams]
Spider in the sink maybe?
No. that didn't sound
like a spider scream.
There's a rapist
in the bathroom!
Dad. there's a rapist
Wait. wait. hang
on. There's a what?
There's a rapist
in the bathroom!
- What? A rapist in the bath...
- Yes.
Well. ju... wait-wait
for me in the kitchen.
Why didn't you tell me
you had a woman over?
I don't have a woman over.
I have my daughter over.
Tommy. your daughter is a woman.
You want to get hit again?
[groans]
- Can you stand up?
- [weak groan]
You want a heart
pill or something?
Aspirin. Top drawer.
[opens drawer]
There's chewables in
here if you want some.
These chew fine.
How long is she staying?
Couple of days.
Explain to her the locks on
the bathroom doors. please.
- I'll do it.
- Thank you.
That would be very
nice of you. sir.
Yeah. I said I'll
do it. Goddamn it.
- You want me to help you up?
- No. no. I'll be fine.
Just want to sit here
by myself for a minute.
♪ Mama ain't gonna
quit drinkin' ♪
♪ Brother's gonna
always be broke ♪
♪ Sister won't ever
do nothin'... ♪
Honey. this is Nathan.
He's an oil and gas attorney.
My other roommate is Dale.
He's what they call
a petroleum engineer.
He's the one upstairs right
now with a ruptured cornea
and what doctors call a
myocardial infarction.
Regular folks call
that a heart attack.
which is what you gave him when
you poked his fucking eye out.
So I tell you what. just to
prevent further confusion.
what do you say we all
lock the bathroom door
when we're in it?
Don't got to tell me twice.
My bathroom's downstairs.
- I can't come up with a reason...
- [Tommy] Nate.
just lock the fucking
door. will you?
Then we don't have to
worry about reasons.
There won't be one.
- [phone buzzes]
- [Nathan sighs]
Oh. goodie. My day begins.
Yeah.
[siren wails]
[Walt] You on your way?
[Tommy over phone]
On my way where?
You don't know?
Well. clearly not. Walt.
What do I not fucking know?
Buddy. y'all had a blowout.
♪ Gentle. plaintive music ♪
♪
[Monty] Jesus. Mike.
you're acting like I'm
not trying to give you
$22 million dollars'
worth of business.
For fuck's sake. can you
work with me on the price?
Goddamn it. I buy
a dozen doughnuts.
someone throws one in for free.
Need I remind you. you
are not the only person
selling hollowed-out steel
in this fucking state?
[call waiting tone]
Thank you.
Christ. Hey.
Shepherd-Hastings is
sending an attorney out.
Their plane lands at
noon. Can you pick him up?
Sir. we've had a blowout.
Oh. f...
God dang it.
[sighs]
Was our crew on location?
I don't know. I'm en route.
Just tell the attorney
to get a rental car.
All right. is-is there
room at the house.
or are they gonna need a hotel?
There's room in the house.
Well. you find anything out.
you let me know.
You'll be the first
one. trust me.
Fuck.
[sighs heavily]
[Cami] Ooh.
Beautiful out today.
Sure is.
I love you.
Love you. too.
♪ Intense. dramatic music ♪
♪
- Walt!
- [Walt] Yo!
Is there a pumper here?
- Pumper?
- Yes.
a goddamn oilman. Walt.
Yeah. there's a guy down
here with EMS right now.
Did you see anybody
shutting any valves off?
I did not.
Tell you what. you
think this is bad?
Those holding tanks go up.
they'll blow your
ass to Abilene.
Which ambulance?
Right down there.
Get 'em back!
[Tommy] Is he all right?
Cooper. are you all right?
[EMT] He blew his eardrum.
Where's the rest of your crew?
Where's the rest of your crew?!
Listen. you know
the Christmas tree
at the bottom of the wellhead?
I know it.
Did you shut the valve off?
- I don't know.
- You don't know?
Walt!
Get everybody back!
[Walt] What are you doing?
What do you think I'm doing?
Just keep everybody back.
[grunting]
Ow. goddamn it.
[groans]
[indistinct shouting]
[siren wailing]
[groans]
Oh. shit.
Ow.
[groaning]
Oh. Jesus.
I'm gonna stop that ambulance.
No. don't stop the ambulance.
You don't want to go to
the hospital with that?
No. I want a cigarette
and a Dr Pepper.
There's a cooler
there. passenger side.
[groans]
Appreciate you.
[exhales]
[line ringing]
[man] Yes. sir.
Get a fire crew
out to M-TEX 1422.
- She's blowing.
- She's blowing now?
Yes. right fucking
now. Get 'em out here.
- All right. we're on our way.
- All right.
[sighs]
Now I want to go
to the hospital.
[grunts]
[engine starts]
♪
♪ Quiet. dramatic music ♪
I believe my office arranged
a rental car for me.
Yes. ma'am.
It's on the tarmac.
Thank you.
[alarm chirps]
Hmm.
Seems a little excessive.
You have anything a
little more unassuming?
Oh. your office asked
for a luxury sedan.
How about something a
little more unassuming?
I'm not sure...
Something that
doesn't stand out.
Oh. that won't stand
out in Midland.
I wouldn't drive it in Odessa.
Good to know.
♪ Ominous music ♪
♪
[FaceTime ringing]
Is my angel behaving?
Did you know they've
been having sex?
[Angela groans]
I mean. I assumed.
Look at this kid.
If they ever break up.
I might try to fuck him.
Well. today's your
lucky day. then.
Oh. no. they broke up?
- Why?
- Well. because he turned out
to be exactly what
we thought he was.
[sighs] How's she taking it?
Like a 17-year-old
who hasn't heard no
since she was eight.
[Angela chuckles]
Poor thing.
So. listen. uh. there
was an accident out today
on one of the rigs. and. uh.
Cooper got hurt.
How hurt?
Well. we're at the ER now.
They're checking him out.
- Let me talk to him.
- I can't. sweetie.
he's in another room.
Why aren't you with him?
Always got to make it about you.
Oh. yeah. that's what I'm doing.
Making it about me.
- Where's Ainsley?
- At the house.
With a bunch of
petroleum engineers
so hopped up on Cialis.
they get a hard-on
when their phone vibrates?
Listen. as soon as I
hear more about Cooper.
I'll call you back. Okay?
Tommy. I am not done with you.
You know. one of the great
joys of being divorced is.
I don't have to
listen to this shit.
Enjoy the beach.
Your tits look great.
Don't get syphilis.
[disconnects]
[chuckles]
That's always sound advice.
Yeah. words to live by.
Let me save you the trouble.
Just making sure the same thing
didn't happen to your spleen.
No other pain?
Just where I hit my hand
with a fucking hammer.
Let me see that.
I'm gonna call in
a hand specialist.
Reattaching this is...
It's just a tiny
piece of a pinky.
I ain't dicking around with 12
surgeries for a fucking year.
Just cut it off and
sew up the fucking top.
I would strongly advise
you against that.
Well. either you do
it or I'll do it.
I'm not a surgeon.
Let me bring in the surgeon
- and we can discuss... Okay.
- Well. it just so happens
- there's a surgeon right here.
- Well. hold on.
[groans] Oh. that...
- that's nice.
- There she is.
Hey. uh. watch your leg.
[doctor groans]
There you go. Job done.
Now. you care to stitch it?
Did you just get out of school?
Hey. what are the chances
that. like. it just scabs over
and in a month it's good as new?
- What do you think?
- The odds are
astronomically against that.
What's more likely is.
you get a staph infection
and in a month we're
amputating your arm.
I'll have a nurse
prepare to suture.
I appreciate that.
- Mm-hmm.
- You know what room
my son's in? Cooper Norris?
Uh... ER Five.
I'm gonna go see him.
I think it's best if
you just sit tight...
Just come get me
when you're ready.
At least cover it.
All right.
Boy. you sure ain't in no
fucking hurry. are you?
♪ Somber music ♪
♪
[sighs]
[line ringing]
[Tommy] Did you find 'em?
- One of them.
- Which one?
There ain't no way to know.
You want to come with
me? Notify next of kin?
[exhales slowly]
Not really.
Will you?
Pick me up at the hospital.
Shit.
What happened to your hand?
Well. here's a life
lesson worth filing away.
When hammer hits
hand. hammer wins.
Your turn.
I don't know.
They sent me to the truck
to fetch a pipe wrench.
Next thing I know. I'm
flying through the air.
And just like that. three
widows and six orphans.
Eight orphans.
Here's reason number
one of about 300
why you might want to find a
better way of making a living.
What am I gonna do?
Sit in an office and sell
fucking computer chips?
Yeah. maybe.
I know what I'm gonna do.
When they sew up what's
left of my fucking finger.
I'm gonna drive
over to Luis's house
and tell his wife she's lost
a husband and two nephews.
And then I'm going
over to Armando's house
and do the same kind of thing.
And then I'm going
out to Elvio's house
to tell a 22-year-old mother
to break out the fucking
want ads and get a job.
No time to grieve.
no time to mourn.
'Cause banks don't wait.
You might want to look
at the want ads yourself.
you selfish little
son of a bitch.
before I'm having the same
conversation with your mother
as I'm about to have
with Elvio's wife.
If I'm so selfish. what
does that make you?
A divorced alcoholic
with $500.000 in debt...
and I'm one of the lucky ones.
[crowd cheering]
♪ melancholy music ♪
♪
[cheering]
Come on. Gracie.
[Monty] Were they
independent contractors?
[Tommy] No. they were ours.
[sighs]
Any idea what the fuck happened?
Well. it's a pretty old jack.
It's gonna be one of the valves.
Tank valve was rusted shut.
and I assume it's the
same with the other ones.
Somebody banged it with a
wrench and created a spark
and ignited that gas leak.
That's my guess anyhow.
Is OSHA gonna come to
the same conclusion?
Well. they'll have
the same assumption.
That pumpjack
melted like butter.
You can't look at the site
and come to any kind
of definite conclusion.
What do you want to do?
Honey!
[Tommy] I want to make
an offer to the families.
A settlement?
A gift. just to get 'em through.
- How much?
- 250 each.
- Honey. they're about to start.
- All right. I'll be right there.
- Can you hold on one second?
- Yeah.
- [starter pistol fires]
- [crowd cheering]
- [Monty] Come on. girl!
- [Cami] Let's go!
- Come on.
- Come on. Gracie!
Come on!
[whistles] Let's go!
Hey.
Yeah. I saw it.
If you saw it. why you doing it?
Buddy. I'm in no mood.
- Oh. you're in no mood. huh?
- That's right.
"I'm in no mood" is
my fucking motto.
Is that right?
- You happy?
- Well. now that's littering.
For fuck's sake. dude.
Go find something else to do.
[Cami] That's it.
just be patient.
Good stride.
- Yeah.
- She got a good stride?
Yes. she does.
[announcer] And it's
Martinez that remains
out in front.
Take the inside!
Come on. Gracie.
And Miller makes a move.
That's it!
Miller from TCU breaks
out in front of the pack.
Davis from Kansas.
trying to keep pace.
And at the finish
line it's gonna be
Gracie Miller of TCU!
[Cami] Whoo!
Come on.
[cheering]
- You still there?
- [Tommy] Yeah. yeah.
It's the right
thing to do. Monty.
And it sends the right
message. I'd do it.
Put the phone down now.
Yeah. sure. I'll just set
it here on my credenza.
What do you think. Monty?
Yeah.
Do it.
Have Nate paper it.
- [officer] Turn around.
- Yeah. Yeah. I will.
All right. I'll talk
to you later. Bye.
Make me.
- Be my fucking pleasure.
- Really?
Why don't you go empty
some fucking bedpans?
My ride's here.
This guy giving
you trouble. Pete?
This guy's got a mouth on him.
That's your wife's
favorite thing about me.
Other than my dick.
Have a good day.
Let's go. bud.
[exhales]
- ♪
- [dialogue inaudible]
[Gracie whooping]
[Walt] Telling the local PD
to go fuck themselves
is pretty shortsighted.
don't you think?
Well. I needed to
give it to somebody.
and he was the
closest one. so...
I recommend you buy that boy
a beer your first chance.
That one got a mean memory.
That right? All right. noted.
[typing]
[phone buzzing]
Hey.
What's my daughter doing?
Napalming my concentration.
She has discovered the pool.
Well. see if you can
manage enough self-control
to not gawk. all right?
I am facing away
from the window.
Good man.
So. Monty cleared us to make
bereavement payments
to the families.
They identify the bodies?
By process of elimination.
- How much?
- 250 for each family.
Well. give me names
of next of kin.
I'll forward them to accounting.
Well. you know the names. Nate.
Medina crew serviced that well.
Shit. Which one died?
They all died.
I'll talk to you
later. all right?
[drops phone]
[sighs]
Do y'all have any coconut oil?
- Coconut oil?
- Like for cooking?
I ain't gonna use it to cook.
but you could if you wanted to.
Well. none of us do
much. uh. much cooking.
Well. do you mind if I check?
Feel free. You bet.
[bottle cap clatters in sink]
[Nathan sighs]
[Ainsley grunts]
[clattering]
[grunts]
This is not what
I was looking for.
but it'll work in a pinch.
I have to know.
I'm gonna work in
the living room.
♪ Dark. atmospheric music ♪
♪
[truck shifter clicks]
[engine shuts off]
[Walt] You think they have
any idea this news is coming?
They don't know this is coming.
but they know
something's coming.
[truck door closes]
Which one?
Is Maria here?
How about Ariana?
With the babies. inside.
Can we come inside?
[mouthing]
[woman screaming]
[crying]
♪ I've always heard that
there's always one ♪
♪ That you can't
stop coming back to ♪
♪ Even when you're done... ♪
[Barney] Sticking with beer or
you want something stronger?
[sighs] I quit drinking.
I'll stick with beer.
You know. there's
alcohol in that. right?
It's a Michelob Ultra.
There's more alcohol
in orange juice.
[chuckling] I ain't
judging. buddy.
I mean. I've been on
the wagon eight years.
I'm just saying. drinking
beer is still drinking.
Well. I tell you what. bud.
you watch me drink six
of these sons of bitches.
and I'll come back in
here tomorrow night
and drink six whiskeys.
and you tell me
if you notice a
fucking difference.
I'll take your word for it.
Michelob Ultra.
[sinister ringtone playing]
[phone chimes]
- Hey.
- [Angela] Hey.
- You didn't call me back.
- Sorry.
He's awake and alert. They're
keeping him overnight.
And how's your little boo-boo?
An inch shorter than
it was this morning.
If that doesn't sum up our
marriage in a sentence.
Well. I bet you I
still got a few inches
on that fat-ass ATM you married.
Well. you know the old saying.
"Every comma in
your bank account
adds two inches to your penis."
which is to say
you're way behind.
That's good to know.
I feel like I should be there.
Should I be there?
I feel guilty.
You should feel guilty.
- I deserve a vacation.
- From what?
You're doing exactly
the same fucking thing
you do at home. except
you can't drink the water.
So you're saying I should come?
Do you need to? No.
But you're their mother.
so if you feel like
you ought to be here.
you probably should come.
Do you want me to come?
Angela. I couldn't care
less if you come or not.
I stand corrected.
That is the sentence that
sums up our marriage.
I'll see you tomorrow.
you fucking asshole.
I can't wait.
[phone buzzes]
Yeah.
[Rebecca over phone] Tom Norris?
Tommy.
Rebecca Falcone.
Shepherd-Hastings.
[Tommy] Oh. yeah.
Hey. uh.
listen. we got you a
room at the house. but...
I got a hotel.
Can you meet up
over the weekend?
I can meet you right
now if you want to.
Where?
Patch Café.
How far from the Hilton?
Everything in Midland's 15
minutes from everything else.
I'll meet you there.
All right.
♪ "Mean Old Sun" by
Turnpike Troubadours ♪
♪ Empty promises ♪
♪ I've given ♪
♪ Hollow heart ♪
♪ Beats in my chest ♪
♪ And every word ♪
♪ Of sterling silver ♪
♪ Stirred butterflies
beneath your breast... ♪
[car alarm chirps]
♪ Still untouched ♪
♪ By ties a-binding ♪
♪ Going where ♪
♪ The gulf breeze blows ♪
♪ No ring of gold ♪
♪ Around your finger ♪
♪ No ring of brass ♪
♪ Run through my nose ♪
♪ Headlong for... ♪
Hi. I'm here to
see a Tommy Norris.
[hostess] Cowboy hat at the bar.
♪ Dead still in the garden ♪
♪ Waiting for the reveille ♪
♪ And the dawn has
yet to dry the dew ♪
♪ From off my Sunday clothes ♪
♪ That mean old sun
better rise up soon ♪
♪ If it's ever gonna set on me ♪
♪ Hear the song ♪
♪ She sang in darkness ♪
♪ Tearful. fair... ♪
I'm that easy to spot. huh?
Wasn't difficult.
- You want a drink?
- Yeah.
A club soda.
Hey. bud? Club
soda for the lady.
[Barney] Just so you know.
that is a nonalcoholic drink.
This must be your hobby
'cause you damn sure
don't want a fucking tip.
I'd prefer if you didn't
refer to me as "the lady."
Oh. did I guess wrong?
I'm so sorry. sir.
and hats off to
the plastic surgeon
that shaved that Adam's apple.
My first day in the oil fields.
and it doesn't disappoint.
It is as offensive
as I imagined.
You know the sharks
you work with?
You soulless fucks represent
the Bin Laden family.
for Christ's sakes.
You should be thanking me
for calling you "lady."
You may never hear it
again in your line of work.
I'm sorry. but I
lost three friends
and a finger today. so...
I'm a little edgy.
I didn't know they were friends.
They were friends.
I'm sorry.
We need to shift
our focus from TTP
to the incident this morning.
It lends itself
to more exposure.
You're the attorney.
Can you take me to the
incident site tomorrow?
I can take you right now.
Great.
- All right.
- Let's go.
- [Tommy] Hey. bud?
- [Barney] Mm-hmm.
- Let me take care of this.
- Yep.
You want change?
I can't believe you said
that with a straight face.
Of course I want fucking change.
♪ Dramatic music ♪
♪
Sorry about the dust.
[Rebecca] It's a rental.
So. who besides
insurance companies
and county sheriff
investigate this?
Hell. everybody. OSHA.
Railroad Commission. DPS.
Shouldn't you know all this shit
if you're litigating a
petroleum liability case?
My specialty is
chain of liability.
which applies to the TTP case.
Not so much here.
This happened when
I was on the plane.
Maybe they should
send another attorney.
I understand one
of them survived.
Yeah.
Can I speak with him?
- Not today.
- When?
How about when he gets out
of the fucking hospital?
Anything else?
What can you tell from this?
From the well? Nothing.
From the type of fire?
There was a leak.
A roughneck created a spark
when he tried to open the valve
with a hammer and a wrench.
Why would he try to
open it with a hammer?
'Cause that's how you
open the fucking thing.
Doesn't seem very safe.
It's not very safe. That's why
they make 180 grand a year.
That's not enough money
to risk your life on.
[chuckles] Yeah. for you. maybe.
For a felon with an
eighth-grade education.
it's a fucking lottery ticket.
And for an oil
company whose manager
knowingly sends
employees to faulty wells
that violate OSHA standards.
it's a nine-figure lawsuit.
Well. then the whole
goddamn industry's guilty.
I'm on your side. Tommy.
You need to understand that.
Yeah. I understand plenty.
You're the farthest thing
from being on my side.
[truck engine starts]
Son of a bitch. Son of a bitch.
[Sellers] Information.
education.
and imagination are the
weapons against the assault
on oil and natural gas.
But the weapon being
used against us
is far more dangerous.
Emotion.
Emotion is the spear
of the green movement.
[Cami] How did you rope me
into this in the first place?
Wasn't this a...?
This was a date?
- Come on. babe. It is a date.
- Mm-hmm.
It's just the
beginning of a date.
- Oh.
- The end of the date
is when the date gets
fun. you know that.
It better.
[Sellers] Mainstream
media has abandoned
evidence supporting facts
in their panic to
prevent the exodus
of their audience to
Twitter and TikTok
as reliable news sources.
- [phone buzzing]
- And that's before Russia...
- Shit.
- China.
- Iran. Hezbollah...
- Do you need to get that?
- Hamas. Al-Qaeda...
- No. I'm not sure.
All of them flooding
social media...
I feel like I'm
about to find out.
[Sellers] with
propaganda masquerading
- as fear of climate change.
- [phone chimes]
Yep. I do think I
have to get this.
[Cami] Okay.
- [phone buzzing]
- Will you save my seat?
Depends on how long you're gone.
[Sellers] ...in arguably the
most uneducated populace...
Hey. Let me call you right back.
Yeah. I got to find
someplace quiet.
♪ Dramatic music ♪
♪
[line rings]
- [Tommy over phone] Yeah?
- What is it?
The fuck do you think it is?
Who is this employee
relations pit viper
you sent out here to bite me?
Uh. I called Chandler
like you said.
Well. they didn't
fucking send him!
They sent somebody out
here to hang me out.
You don't have a well that will
pass OSHA standards. Monty.
Not fucking one.
I'm a lot of shit. Monty.
but I ain't a fucking
patsy. you understand me?
I called Clay.
who said he was flying to you.
Now. I don't know who
they sent that isn't Clay.
but I will find out.
Good.
Now. look.
our business is one
of constant crisis
interrupted by brief
periods of intense success.
You should know that
better than anyone else.
Now. today was a rough one.
And I can understand why
you might be emotional.
but don't let your emotions
confuse you as to
who the boss is.
The boss is me.
and don't you ever raise your
fucking voice at me again.
♪
[phone buzzing]
I'm on the way home. honey.
[Ainsley] Yeah. I'm
starving.[groans]
Like not. "I'm so hungry.
I feel like I'm starving."
I'm starving.
Like. my skin looks pale.
- my organs are shutting down.
- Well. there's
a kitchen full of
food in there. honey.
Daddy. there's a kitchen full
of processed cancer bombs.
And who orders Doritos
by the palette?
I need protein.
There's protein in the cupboard.
Vienna sausages is
not protein. Daddy.
You know. it's all
the parts of a cow
that are too gross
to be in hot dogs.
Well. it's pork. but I'm
not gonna have that fight.
You want me to pick
you something up?
Could you get me an animal-style
Whataburger wrapped in lettuce?
An animal what?
[clicks tongue] It's.
like. special sauce.
And there's no bun. They.
like. wrap it in lettuce.
How can they wrap it in lettuce?
Their lettuce is shredded.
Well. they always
do it when I ask.
They just go in the back. and
they get the whole lettuce.
[chuckling] You and I
live in different worlds.
They'll tell me to fuck myself.
Why don't I just
get you a burger.
and you throw the buns away?
Yeah. Yeah. I guess
we could do that.
And could you get me three
fries and a Diet Coke?
So.
you won't eat the buns.
but you'll eat three orders
- of fries?
- No!
I want three fries. You
have to pick out three.
and then throw the
rest of them away.
Okay. Anything else?
Thank you. Daddy.
Are you close?
No. and this is gonna add
ten minutes to the trip. too.
So. like. 15?
Like. an hour.
An hour?!
I hope I'm still alive.
Well.
these are the challenges
that harden you
for life's tragedies. honey.
I'll see you soon.
[groans]
Okay. thank you. I love you.
Okay. love you. too. honey.
- I'll be there soon.
- Will you hurry?
Yeah. I'll hurry.
Okay. Love you. Bye.
- Love you. Bye.
- [phone clicks]
- [sinister ringtone playing]
- Goddamn!
Shit.
Where you headed?
To the strip club.
While our daughter's there?
Yeah. she's meeting me there.
I thought it's time she sees
the darker side of life.
Where are you really headed?
I'm going home.
You look tired.
There's a reason for that.
I don't really need to come.
Do I need to come?
I already told you you
don't need to come.
What if I want to come?
Why would you want to do that?
What if I did?
You want to leave Cabo
and come to Midland. Texas
to fuck your ex-husband in a
rent house with three roommates?
Why do I doubt that?
Can't you just fucking
want me to come?
Why can't you do that?
Oh. honey. I want you
to come. believe me.
[chuckles] I mean. I just
know you'll never do it.
Breaks my heart. I
really want you to.
You'll think about
it later. I bet.
Well. since I'm sharing
a bed with our daughter.
I hope I don't think
about it later.
- I'll call you tomorrow.
- ♪ slow. melancholy music
Okay. Good night. Angie.
Mm-hmm. Good night.
♪ Slow. gentle music ♪
♪
[door closes]
[Ainsley] [sighs]
Thank you. God.
There you go.
[sighs] I talked them into the
lettuce thing in back there.
- How'd you do that?
- Showed 'em your picture.
[both chuckle]
Daddy. I said three fries.
There's a whole order in here.
- Well. the rest are for me.
- Well.
I'm just gonna talk
you out of them. Daddy.
You need to throw 'em away.
Now. Now!
You know. this shit was
cute when you were eight.
but now all I think
about's your first marriage
and the skid marks that
poor bastard leaves
after he's had a few
years of this shit.
It annoys you because
you're my father.
and you don't want
to have sex with me.
But other boys look at
these chores like...
little treasure hunts.
Oh. your brother's in the
hospital. I forgot to tell you.
- Sorry about that.
- Where?
Here.
- What's he doing in Midland?
- Working for me.
But he doesn't
graduate till May.
He don't graduate
ever. He dropped out.
He wants to work in the patch.
He is such a loser.
Daddy. I didn't... I
didn't mean it like that.
Let me tell you
something. honey.
There's two types of people
that work in the patch...
dreamers and losers.
Used to be that way
in the whole nation.
Failures headed out West
to either die or succeed.
All the way to California.
But there's not any
dreamers out there anymore.
just thieves and fools.
This is where dreamers come now.
And losers come here to win.
Which one are you gonna be?
A dreamer.
First attempt's
always a failure.
so it means you're
gonna be a loser.
Wonder what you'll do then.
You take my room tonight.
and I'll. uh. take the couch.
♪ Slow. contemplative music ♪
♪
[birds singing]
[Tommy] Well. I guess now
you understand what I mean by
"roughnecking's dangerous."
Says the two-pack-a-day smoker.
In three months.
you could've had
a fucking degree in
geology. and you...
I don't need a degree.
I learned all I
need about geology.
I don't want to teach the
shit. I want to live it.
I want to be a landman.
Well. for every Monty Miller.
there's a hundred
of me. all right?
The only difference between you
and Monty is Monty didn't quit.
[tires squealing]
[Tommy] The difference in me
and Monty is I don't have
a fucking trust fund.
I didn't quit. I bled out.
And besides. I don't
see you speculating
or banging on doors. or
hustling mineral rights.
No. you're the worm
on a drill crew.
Excuse me. you were.
And your crew is
fucking dead on day one.
So. take the fucking hint!
If I'm going to run an
oil company one day.
I need to know how every
aspect of it works.
The surveys.
making the drill pad.
moving the gear.
housing the crew.
setting the drill.
capping the well.
maintaining the well. all of it.
So. run an oil company.
That's your plan now.
That's the dream.
I don't have a plan yet.
Well. you're closer than most.
[Cooper inhales sharply]
I need a favor.
Will you do me a favor?
Depends on what the favor is.
Put me on another crew.
You know. a lot of people
are gonna blame you
for what happened.
Anytime something goes wrong.
they always blame the worm.
Let me.
All right. I'll find you a crew.
♪ So. I don't know... ♪
Listen. your sister's in town.
You want to run by
the house and see her?
I'd rather you drive
me to the hospital
so they can run that
catheter back up my dick.
Fair enough.
You want to go by the
café and get a beer?
It's eight in the morning.
It's Sunday.
What else you got to do?
[chuckles] Why not?
All right.
♪ Bottleneck. we all
go down around here ♪
♪ The devil always
plays for keeps ♪
[engine revving]
♪ You get off track.
turn your back ♪
♪ They'll put you
in the ground here ♪
♪ And those things
always go vein deep ♪
♪ It ain't the
snake that you see ♪
♪ It's the one in the weeds ♪
♪ atmospheric music ♪
♪
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm